agreed text
Why is it a dog hole?
I'm really convinced
Hey
Oh, dear.
I can't believe my famous name
To be destroyed on a dog hole
What happens when you read this letter?
I should have arrived in Shucheng by now.
Forgive me for leaving without saying goodbye.
But there's no other way.
You are the commander of the rebel army
You can't order your brothers to die
And I was an outsider.
Nothing to do with the rebels
Naturally the best candidate
Of course I'm not going to die
After all, I'm an immortal
The kind that is not dangerous
Ah, by the way, I finally want to say something if
Only if
If I don't come back
You have to help me think of a way
Take my hapless brother
Rescued from the princess' mansion
Let's go!
Otherwise, you can only watch me set off fireworks.
No, no.